[release/6.x] Backport pre-vote capability (#7374, #7375, #7404, #7419, #7438, #7445, #7458) (#7436)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [6.0.17]

[6.0.17]: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/6.0.17

### Added

> - Support for PreVote optimisation. Nodes understand and are able to respond to PreVote messages, but will not become pre-vote candidates themselves. (#7419)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compatibility with PreVote optimisation, introduced in 7.x. Nodes understand and are able to respond to PreVote messages, but will not become pre-vote candidates themselves. (#7419)
```
